#Inubit
#Solutions can be found on https://github.com/FabianFriedrich/Text2Process/tree/master/TestData/inubit/_Solutions

#Ex 1 - ACME
As a basic principle, ACME AG receives invoices on paper or fax. 
These are received by the Secretariat in the central inbox and 
forwarded after a short visual inspection to an accounting employee. 
In "ACME Financial Accounting", a software specially developed for 
the ACME AG, she identifies the charging suppliers and creates a new 
instance (invoice). She then checks the invoice items and notes the 
corresponding cost center at the ACME AG and the related cost center managers 
for each position on a separate form ("docket").The docket and the copy of the 
invoice go to the internal mail together and are sent to the first cost center 
manager to the list. He reviews the content for accuracy after receiving the 
copy of the invoice. Should everything be in order, he notes his code one on 
the docket ("accurate position - AP") and returns the copy of the invoice to 
the internal mail. From it, the copy of the invoice is passed on to the next 
cost center manager, based on the docket, or if all items are marked correct, 
sent back to accounting. Therefore, the copy of invoice and the docket gradually 
move through the hands of all cost center managers until all positions are marked 
as completely accurate. However, if inconsistencies exist, e.g. because the ordered 
product is not of the expected quantity or quality, the cost center manager rejects 
the AP with a note and explanatory statement on the docket, and the copy of the invoice is
 sent back to accounting directly. Based on the statements of the cost center managers, she
 will proceede with the clarification with the vendor, but, if necessary, she consults the
 cost center managers by telephone or e-mail again. When all inconsistencies are resolved, 
the copy of the invoice is sent to the cost center managers again, and the process continues.
 After all invoice items are AP, the accounting employee forwards the copy of the invoice to 
the commercial manager. He makes the commercial audit and issues the approval for payment. 
If the bill amount exceeds EUR 20,000, the Board wants to check it again (4-eyes-principle). 
The copy of the invoice including the docket moves back to the accounting employee in the 
appropriate signature file. Should there be a complaint during the commercial audit, it will 
be resolved by the accounting employee with the supplier. 
After the commercial audit is successfully completed, the accounting employee gives payment 
instructions and closes the instance in "ACME financial accounting".

#Ex 2 - Powerlicht
Every time we get a new order from the sales department, first, one of my masters 
determines the necessary parts and quantities as well as the delivery date. 
Once that information is present, it has to be entered into our production 
planning system (PPS). 
#That's a great thing, because we have worked years on it. 
It optimizes our production processes and creates possibly uniform work 
packages so that the setup times are minimized. Besides, it creates a list 
of parts to be procured. Unfortunately it is not coupled correctly to our 
Enterprise Resource Planning system (ERP), so the data must be transferred manually. 
By the way, that is the second step. Once all the data is present, we need to decide 
whether any parts are missing and must be procured or if this is not necessary. Once 
production is scheduled to start, we receive a notice from the system and an employee 
takes care of the implementation. 
#In individual production, we have genuine all-rounders who can do a job completely. 
#So we have a maximum staff variability. 
Finally, the order will be checked again for its quality.

#Ex 3 - Turbopixel
The first step is to determine contact details of potential customers. 
This can be achieved in several ways. 
Sometimes, we buy details for cold calls, sometimes, our marketing staff participates 
in exhibitions and sometimes,  you just happen to know somebody, who is interested in the product. 
Then we start calling the customer. 
That is done by the call center staff. 
They are determining the contact person and the budget which would be available for the project. 
Of course, asking the customer whether he is generally interested is also important. 
If this is not the case, we leave him alone, except if the potential project budget is huge. 
Then the head of development personally tries to acquire the customer. If the customer is 
interested in the end, the next step is a detailed online presentation. It is given either by 
a sales representative or by a pre-sales employee in case of a more technical presentation. `
Afterwards we are waiting for the customer to come back to us. If we are not contacted within 
2 weeks, a sales representative is calling the customer. The last phase is the creation of a quotation.

#Ex 4 - Tutorial
The process starts periodically on the first of each month, when Assembler AG places an order with 
the supplier in order to request more product parts.
a) 	Assembler AG sends the order to the supplier.
b) 	The supplier processes the order.
c) 	The supplier sends an invoice to Assembler AG.
d) 	Assembler AG receives the invoice.

