The intake workflow starts with a notice by telephone at the secretarial office of the mental health care institute. This notice is done by the family doctor of somebody who is in need of mental treatment. The secretarial worker inquires after the name and residence of the patient. On the basis of this information, the doctor is put through to the nursing officer responsible for the part of the region that the patient lives in. The nursing officer makes a full inquiry into the mental, health, and social state of the patient in question. This information is recorded on a registration form. At the end of the conversation, this form is handed in at the secretarial office of the institute. Here, the information on the form is stored in the information system and subsequently printed. For new patients, a patient file is created. The registration form as well as the print from the information system are stored in the patient file. Patient files are kept at the secretarial office and may not leave the building. At the secretarial office, two registration cards are produced for respectively the future first and second intaker of the patient. The registration card contains a set of basic patient data. The new patient is added on the list of new notices. Halfway the week, at Wednesday, a staff meeting of the entire medical team takes place. The medical team consists of social-medical workers, physicians, and a psychiatrist. At this meeting, the team-leader assigns all new patients on the list of new notices to members of the team. Each patient will be assigned to a social-medical worker, who will act as the first intaker of the patient. One of the physicians will act as the second intaker. In assigning intakers, the teamleader takes into account their expertise, the region they are responsible for, earlier contacts they might have had with the patient, and their case load. The assignments are recorded on an assignment list which is handed to the secretarial office. For each new assignment, it is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is required. This information is added to the assignment list. The secretarial office stores the assignment of each patient of the assignment list in the information system. It passes the produced registration cards to the first and second intaker of each newly assigned patient. An intaker keeps this registration with him at times when visiting the patient and in his close proximity when he is at the office. For each patient for which the medical file is required, the secretarial office prepares and sends a letter to the family doctor of the patient, requesting for a copy of the medical file. As soon as this copy is received, the secretarial office will inform the second intaker and add the copy to the patient file. The first intaker plans a meeting with the patient as soon as this is possible. During the first meeting, the patient is examined using a standard checklist which is filled out. Additional observations are registered in a personal notebook. After a visit, the first intaker puts a copy of these notes in the file of a patient. The standard checklist is also added to the patient’s file. The second intaker plans the first meeting only after the medical information of the physician if required has been received. Physicians use dictaphones to record their observations made during meetings with patients. The secretarial office types out these tapes, after which the information is added to the patient file. As soon as the meetings of the first and second intaker with the patient have taken place, the secretarial office puts the patient on the list of patients that reach this status. For the staff meeting on Wednesday, they provide the team-leader with a list of these patients. For each of these patients, the first and second intaker together with the team-leader and the attending psychiatrist formulate a treatment plan. This treatment plan formally ends the intake procedure.