The party sends a warrant possession
request asking a warrant to be released.
The Client Service Back Office as part of the
Small Claims Registry Operations receives
the request and retrieves the SCT file. Then,
the SCT Warrant Possession is forwarded to
Queensland Police. The SCT physical file is
stored by the Back Office awaiting a report to
be sent by the Police. When the report is
received, the respective SCT file is retrieved.
Then, Back Office attaches the new SCT
document, and stores the expanded SCT
physical file. After that, some other MC
internal staff receives the physical SCT file

Each morning, the files which have yet to be processed need to be checked, to make sure they are in order for
the court hearing that day. 
If some files are missing, a search is initiated, otherwise the files can be physically tracked to the intended location. 
Once all the files are ready, these are handed to the Associate, and meantime the Judge’s Lawlist is distributed to the relevant people.
Afterwards, the directions hearings are conducted.

After a claim is registered, it is examined by a claims officer. The claims officer then writes a “settlement recommendation”. 
This recommendation is then checked by a senior claims officer who may mark the claim as “OK” or “Not OK”. 
If the claim is marked as “Not OK”, it is sent back to the claims officer and the recommendation is repeated.
If the claim is OK, the claim handling process proceeds.

Mail from the party is collected on a daily basis by the Mail
Processing Unit. Within this unit, the Mail Clerk sorts the unopened
mail into the various business areas. The mail is then distributed.
When the mail is received by the Registry, it is opened and sorted
into groups for distribution, and thus registered in a manual
incoming Mail Register. Afterwards, the Assistant Registry Manager
within the Registry performs a quality check. If the mail is not
compliant, a list of requisition explaining the reason for rejection is
compiled and sent back to the party. Otherwise, the matter details
(types of action) are captured and provided to the Cashier, who
takes the applicable fees attached to the mail. At this point, the
Assistant Registry Manager puts the receipt and copied documents
into an envelope and posts it to the party. Meantime, the Cashier
captures the Party Details and prints the Physical Court File.

In the context of a claim handling process, it is sometimes necessary to send a questionnaire to the
claimant to gather additional information. 
The claimant is expected to return the questionnaire within five days. 
If no response is received after five days, a reminder is sent to the claimant. 
If after another five days there is still no response, another reminder is sent and so on until the completed questionnaire is received.

When a claim is received, it is first checked whether the claimant
is insured by the organization. If not, the claimant is informed that
the claim must be rejected. Otherwise, the severity of the claim is
evaluated. Based on the outcome (simple or complex claims),
relevant forms are sent to the claimant. Once the forms are
returned, they are checked for completeness. If the forms provide
all relevant details, the claim is registered in the Claims
Management system, which ends the Claims Notification process.
Otherwise, the claimant is informed to update the forms. Upon
reception of the updated forms, they are checked again.

The Police Report related to the car accident is searched within
the Police Report database and put in a file together with the
Claim Documentation. This file serves as input to a claims
handler who calculates an initial claim estimate. Then, the claims
handler creates an Action Plan based on an Action Plan Checklist
available in the Document Management system. Based on the
Action Plan, a claims manager tries to negotiate a settlement on
the claim estimate. The claimant is informed of the outcome,
which ends the process.

The process starts when a customer submits a claim by sending in relevant documentation. 
The Notification department at the car insurer checks the documents upon completeness and 
registers the claim. Then, the Handling department picks up the claim and checks the insurance. 
Then, an assessment is performed. If the assessment is positive, a garage is phoned to authorise 
the repairs and the payment is scheduled (in this order). Otherwise, the claim is rejected. 
In any case (whether the outcome is positive or negative), a letter is sent to the customer 
and the process is considered to be complete.