#Vendor Tutorial
#Solutions can be found on https://github.com/FabianFriedrich/Text2Process/tree/master/TestData/vendor%20tutorial/_SOlutions

#Active VOS - tutorial
The loan approval process starts 
by receiving a customer request for a loan amount. 
The risk assessment Web service is invoked 
to assess the request. 
If the loan is small and the customer is low risk, 
the loan is approved. 
If the customer is high risk, 
the loan is denied. 
If the customer needs further review or the loan amount is for $10,000 or more,
the request is sent to the approver Web service. 
The customer receives feedback from the assessor or approver.

#BizAgi - tutorial1
The process of Vacations Request starts
when any employee of the organization submits a vacation request. 
Once the requirement is registered, 
the request is received by the immediate supervisor of the employee requesting the vacation. 
The supervisor must approve or reject the request. 
If the request is rejected, 
the application is returned to the applicant/employee 
who can review the rejection reasons. 
If the request is approved 
a notification is generated to the Human Resources Representative, 
who must complete the respective management procedures.

#BizAgi - tutorial2
The process of an Office Supply Request starts 
when any employee of the organization submits an office supply request. 
Once the requirement is registered, 
the request is received by the immediate supervisor of the employee requesting the office supplies. 
The supervisor must approve or ask for a change, 
or reject the request. 
If the request is rejected 
the process will end. 
If the request is asked to make a change 
then it is returned to the petitioner/employee 
who can review the comments for the change request. 
If the request is approved 
it will go to the purchase department 
that will be in charge of making quotations (using a subprocess) and select a vendor. 
If the vendor is not valid in the system 
the purchase department will have to choose a different vendor. 
After a vendor is selected and confirmed, 
the system will generate and send a purchase order 
and wait for the product to be delivered and the invoice received. 
In any case the system will send a notification 
to let the user know what the result was. 
In any of the cases, approval, rejection or change required 
the system will send the user a notification.

#Oracle - Expense Report Process
An employee purchases a product or service he requires. 
For instance, a sales person on a trip rents a car.
The employee submits an expense report with a list of items, along with the receipts for each item.
A supervisor reviews the expense report and approves or rejects the report. 
Since the company has expense rules, there are circumstances 
where the supervisor can accept or reject the report upon first inspection. 
These rules could be automated, 
to reduce the workload on the supervisor.
If the supervisor rejects the report, 
the employee, who submitted it, 
is given a chance to edit it, 
for example to correct errors or better describe an expense. 
If the supervisor approves the report, 
it goes to the treasurer.
The treasurer checks 
that all the receipts have been submitted and match the items on the list. 
If all is in order, 
the treasurer accepts the expenses for processing (including, e.g. , payment or refund, and accounting). 
If receipts are missing or do not match the report, 
he sends it back to the employee.
If a report returns to the employee for corrections, 
it must again go to a supervisor, 
even if the supervisor previously approved the report.
If the treasurer accepts the expenses for processing, 
the report moves to an automatic activity 
that links to a payment system. 
The process waits for the payment confirmation.
After the payment is confirmed, 
the process ends.




