#HU
#Solutions can be found on https://github.com/FabianFriedrich/Text2Process/tree/master/TestData/HU/_Solutions 

#Ex 1- bycicle manufacturing
A small company manufactures customized bicycles. Whenever the sales department
receives an order, a new process instance is created. A member of the sales department 
can then reject or accept the order for a customized bike. In the former case, the process 
instance is finished. In the latter case, the storehouse and the engineering department are
informed. The storehouse immediately processes the part list of the order and checks the required
quantity of each part. If the part is available in-house, it is reserved. If it is not available, 
it is back-ordered. This procedure is repeated for each item on the part list. In the meantime, 
the engineering department prepares everything for the assembling of the ordered bicycle. If the
storehouse has successfully reserved or back-ordered every item of the part list and the preparation
activity has finished, the engineering department assembles the bicycle. Afterwards, the sales 
department ships the bicycle to the customer and finishes the process instance.

#Ex2 - Computer Repair
A customer brings in a defective computer and the CRS checks the defect and hands out a repair 
cost calculation back. If the customer decides that the costs are acceptable, the process continues,
otherwise she takes her computer home unrepaired. The ongoing repair consists of two activities, 
which are executed, in an arbitrary order. The first activity is to check and repair the hardware, 
whereas the second activity checks and configures the software. After each of these activities, the
proper system functionality is tested. If an error is detected another arbitrary repair activity is 
executed, otherwise the repair is finished.


#Ex3 - Hotel Service
The Evanstonian is an upscale independent hotel. When a guest calls room service at The 
Evanstonian, the room-service manager takes down the order. She then submits an order ticket 
to the kitchen to begin preparing the food. She also gives an order to the sommelier (i.e., the wine waiter) 
to fetch wine from the cellar and to prepare any other alcoholic beverages. Eighty percent of 
room-service orders include wine or some other alcoholic beverage. Finally, she assigns the order
to the waiter. While the kitchen and the sommelier are doing their tasks, the waiter readies a 
cart (i.e., puts a tablecloth on the cart and gathers silverware). The waiter is also responsible 
for nonalcoholic drinks. Once the food, wine, and cart are ready, the waiter delivers it to the 
guest’s room. After returning to the room-service station, the waiter debits the guest’s account. 
The waiter may wait to do the billing if he has another order to prepare or deliver.


#Ex 4 - Underwriters
Whenever a company makes the decision to go public, its first task is to select the underwriters. Underwriters 
act as financial midwives to a new issue. Usually they play a triple role: First they provide the company with
procedural and financial advice, then they buy the issue, and finally they resell it to the public. 

Established underwriters are careful of their reputation and will not handle a new issue unless they believe
 the facts have been presented fairly. Thus, in addition to handling the sale of a company’s issue, the 
underwriters in effect give their seal of approval to it.

They prepare a registration statement for the approval of the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). 
In addition to registering the issue with the SEC, they need to check that the issue complies with the so-called 
blue-sky laws of each state that regulate sales of securities within the state. While the registration statement 
is awaiting approval, underwriters begin to firm up the issue price. They arrange a road show to talk to potential 
investors. Immediately after they receive clearance from the SEC, underwriters fix the issue price. After that 
they enter into a firm commitment to buy the stock and then offer it to the public, when they haven’t still found
 any reason not to do it.



