#Example 4.2
In a procurement process, a quote is to be obtained from all preferred
suppliers. After all quotes are received, they are evaluated and the best quote is
selected. A corresponding purchase order is then placed.

#Exercise 4.4
After a car accident, a statement is sought from two witnesses out of the five that were
present, in order to lodge the insurance claim. As soon as the first two statements are received,
the claim can be lodged with the insurance company without waiting for the other
statements.

#Exercise 4.5
A typical army recruitment process starts by shortlisting all candidates’ applications. Those
shortlisted are then called to sit the following tests: drug and alcohol, eye, color vision,
hearing, blood, urine, weight, fingerprinting and doctor examination. The color vision can
only be done after the eye test, while the doctor examination can only be done after color
vision, hearing, blood, urine and weight have been tested. Moreover, it may be required
for some candidates to repeat some of these tests multiple times in order to get a correct
assessment, e.g. the blood test may need to be repeated if the candidate has taken too much
sugar in the previous 24 hours. The candidates that pass all tests are asked to sit a mental
exam and a physical exam, followed by an interview. Only those that also pass these two
exams and perform well in the interview can be recruited in the army.

#Example 4.3
In a small claims tribunal, callovers occur once a month, to set down the matter for the
upcoming trials. The process for setting up a callover starts three weeks prior to the callover
day, with the preparation of the callover list containing information such as contact details of
the involved parties and estimated hearing date. One week prior to the callover, the involved
parties are contacted to determine if they are all ready to go to trial. If this is the case, the
callover is set, otherwise it is deferred to the next available slot. Finally, on the callover day,
the callover material is prepared and the callover is held.

#Exercise 4.7
The ISP sends an invoice by email to the customer on the first working day of each month
(Day 1). On Day 7, the customer has the full outstanding amount automatically debited
from their bank account. If an automatic transaction fails for any reason, the customer
is notified on Day 8. On Day 9, the transaction that failed on Day 7 is re-attempted. If
it fails again, on Day 10 a late fee is charged to the customer’s bank account. At this
stage, the automatic payment is no longer attempted. On Day 14, the Internet service is
suspended until payment is received. If on Day 30 the payment is still outstanding, the
account is closed and a disconnection fee is applied. A debt-recovery procedure is then
started.

#Exercise 4.8
A restaurant chain submits a purchase order (PO) to replenish its warehouses every Thursday.
The restaurant chain’s procurement system expects to receive either a “PO Response”
or an error message. However, it may also happen that no response is received at all due to
system errors or due to delays in handling the PO on the supplier’s side. If no response is
received by Friday afternoon or if an error message is received, a purchasing officer at the
restaurant chain’s headquarters should be notified. Otherwise, the PO Response is processed
normally.

#Exercise 4.11
The routine for logging into an Internet bank account starts once the credentials entered
from the user have been retrieved. First, the username is validated. If the username is not
valid, the routine is interrupted and the invalid username is logged. If the username is valid,
the number of password trials is set to zero. Then the password is validated. If this is not
valid, the counter for the number of trials is incremented and if lower than three, the user
is asked to enter the password again, this time together with a CAPTCHA test to increase
the security level. If the number of failed attempts reaches three times, the routine is interrupted
and the account is frozen. Moreover, the username and password validation may
be interrupted should the validation server not be available. Similarly, the server to test the
CAPTCHA may not be available at the time of log in. In these cases, the procedure is interrupted
after notifying the user to try again later. At any time during the log in routine, the
customer may close the web-page, resulting in the interruption of the routine.

#Exercise 4.12
Once a wholesale order has been confirmed, the supplier transmits this order to the carrier
for the preparation of the transportation quote. In order to prepare the quote, the carrier
needs to compute the route plan (including all track points that need to be traversed
during the travel) and estimate the trailer usage (e.g. whether it is a full track-load, half
track-load or a single package). By contract, wholesale orders have to be dispatched within
four days from the receipt of the order. This implies that transportation quotes have to be
prepared within 48 hours from the receipt of the order to remain within the terms of the
contract.

#Exercise 4.13
An applicant who has decided not to combine their loan with a home insurance plan may
change theirmind any time before the eligibility assessment has been completed. If a request
for adding an insurance plan is received during this period, the loan provider will simply
update the loan application with this request.

#Exercise 4.14
After an Expense report is received from an employee, the employee is notified of the
receipt of the report. Next, a new account must be created if the employee does not already
have one. The report is then reviewed for automatic approval. Amounts under €1,000 are
automatically approved while amounts equal to or over €1,000 require manual approval.
In case of rejection, the employee must receive a Rejection notice by email. In case of
approval, the reimbursement is deposited directly to the employee’s bank account. At any
time during the review, the employee can send a Request for amount rectification. In that
case the rectification is registered and the report needs to be reviewed again. Moreover, if
the report is not handled within 30 days, the process is stopped and the employee receives
a Cancelation notice email so that he can re-submit the expense report from scratch.

#Exercise 4.15
If the report is not handled within 30 days, the process is stopped, the employee receives a
cancellation notice email and must re-submit the expense report. However, if the reimbursement
for the employee’s expenses had already been made, a money recall needs to be made,
to get the money back from the employee, before sending the cancellation notice email.

#Exercise 4.16
In a stock exchange, stock price variations are continuously monitored during the day. A day
starts when the opening bell rings and concludes when the closing bell rings. Between the
two bells, every time the stock price changes by more than 10 %, the entity of the change is
first determined. Next, if the change is high, a “high stock price” alert is sent, otherwise a
“low stock price” alert is sent.

#Exercise 4.18
The mortgage application process starts with the receipt of a mortgage application from a
client. When an application is sent in by the client to the broker, the broker may either deal
with the application themselves, if the amount of the mortgage loan is within the mandate
the broker has been given by BestLoans, or forward the application to BestLoans. If the
broker deals with the application themselves, this results in either a rejection or an approval
letter being sent back to the client. If the broker sends an approval letter, then it forwards the
details of this application to BestLoans so that from there on the client can interact directly
with BestLoans for the sake of disbursing the loan. In this case, BestLoans registers the
application and sends an acknowledgment to the client.
The broker can only handle a given number of clients at a time. If the broker is not able to
reply within one week, the client must contact BestLoans directly. In this case, a reduction
on the interest rate is applied should the application be approved.
If BestLoans deals with the application directly, its mortgage department checks the credit
of the client with the Bureau of Credit Registration. Moreover, if the loan amount is more
than 90 % of the total cost of the house being purchased by the client, the mortgage department
must request a mortgage insurance offer from the insurance department. After these
interactions BestLoans either sends an approval letter or a rejection to the broker, which the
broker then forwards to the client (this interaction may also happen directly between the
mortgage department and the client if no broker is involved).
After an approval letter has been submitted to the client, the client may either accept or reject
the offer by notifying this directly to the mortgage department. If the mortgage department
receives an acceptance notification, it writes a deed and sends it to an external notary for
signature. The notary sends a copy of the signed deed to the mortgage department. Next, the
insurance department starts an insurance contract for the mortgage. Finally, the mortgage
department submits a disbursement request to the financial department. When this request
has been handled, the financial department notifies the client directly.
Any time during the application process, the client may inquire about the status of their
application with the mortgage department or with the broker, depending on which entity is
dealing with the client. Moreover, the client may request the cancellation of the application.
In this case the mortgage department or the broker computes the application processing
fees, which depend on how far the application process is, and communicates these to the
client. The client may reply within two days with a cancellation confirmation, in which
case the process is canceled, or with a cancellation withdrawal, in which case the process
continues. If the process has to be canceled, BestLoans may need to first recall the loan (if
the disbursement has been done), then annul the insurance contract (if an insurance contract
has been drawn) and finally annul the deed (if a deed has been drawn).

#Exercise 4.22
Mail from the party is collected on a daily basis by the mail processing unit. Within this
unit, the mail clerk sorts the unopened mail into the various business areas. The mail is then
distributed. When the mail is received by the registry, it is opened and sorted into groups for
distribution, and thus registered in a mail register. Afterwards, the assistant registry manager
within the registry performs a quality check. If the mail is not compliant, a list of requisitions
explaining the reasons for rejection is compiled and sent back to the party. Otherwise,
the matter details are captured and provided to the cashier, who takes the applicable fees
attached to the mail. At this point, the assistant registry manager puts the receipt and copied
documents into an envelope and posts it to the party. Meantime, the cashier captures the
party details and prints the physical court file.

#Exercise 4.23
September: nomination forms are sent out. The Nobel committee sends out confidential
forms to around 3,000 people—selected professors at universities around the world, Nobel
laureates in physics and chemistry, and members of the Royal Swedish Academy of
Sciences, among others.
February: deadline for submission. The completed nomination forms must reach the Nobel
Committee no later than 31 January of the following year. The committee screens the
nominations and selects the preliminary candidates. About 250–350 names are nominated
as several nominators often submit the same name.
March–May: consultation with experts. The Nobel committee sends the list of the preliminary
candidates to specially appointed experts for their assessment of the work of the
candidates.
June–August: writing of the report. The Nobel committee puts together the report with
recommendations to be submitted to the Academy. The report is signed by all members of
the committee.
September: committee submits recommendations. The Nobel committee submits its report
with recommendations on the final candidates to the members of the Academy. The report
is discussed at two meetings of the chemistry section of the Academy.
October: Nobel laureates are chosen. In early October, the Academy selects the Nobel laureates
in chemistry through a majority vote. The decision is final and without appeal. The
names of the Nobel laureates are then announced.
December: Nobel laureates receive their prize. The Nobel prize award ceremony takes place
on 10 December in Stockholm, where the Nobel laureates receive their Nobel prize, which
consists of a Nobel medal and diploma, and a document confirming the prize amount.

#Exercise 4.26
Any time after the first transaction has failed, the customer may pay the invoice directly to
the ISP. If so, the billing process is interrupted and the payment is registered. This direct
payment must also cover the late fees, based on the number of days passed since Day 7 (the
last day to avoid incurring late fees). If the direct payment does not include late fees, the
ISP sends a notification to the customer that the fees will be charged in the next invoice,
before concluding the process.

#Exercise 4.28
After a supplier notifies a retailer of the approval of a purchase order, the supplier can either
receive an order confirmation, an order change or an order cancellation from the retailer. It
may happen that no response is received at all. If no response is received after 48 hours, or if
an order cancellation is received, the supplier will cancel the order. If an order confirmation
is received within 48 hours, the supplier will process the order normally. If an order change
is received within 48 hours, the supplier will update the order and ask again the retailer for
confirmation. The retailer is allowed to change an order at most three times. Afterwards, the
supplier will automatically cancel the order.

#Exercise 4.30
When a claim is received, it is first registered. After registration, the claim is classified
leading to two possible outcomes: simple or complex. If the claim is simple, the insurance
policy is checked. For complex claims, both the policy and the damage are checked independently.
A possible outcome of the policy check is that the claim is invalid. In this case,
any processing is canceled and a letter is sent to the customer. In the case of a complex
claim, this implies that the damage checking is canceled if it has not been completed yet.
After the check(s), an assessment is performed which may lead to two possible outcomes:
positive or negative. If the assessment is positive, the garage is phoned to authorize the
repairs and the payment is scheduled (in this order). In any case (whether the outcome is
positive or negative), a letter is sent to the customer and the process ends. At any moment
after the registration and before the end of the process, the customer may call to modify the
details of the claim. If a modification occurs before the payment is scheduled, the claim is
classified again (simple or complex) and the process is repeated. If a request to modify the
claim is received after the payment is scheduled, the request is rejected.

#Exercise 4.31
An order handling process starts when an order is received. The order is first registered.
If the current date is not a working day, the process waits until the following working day
before proceeding. Otherwise, an availability check is performed and a purchase order response
is sent back to the customer. If any item is not available, any processing related to
the order must be stopped. Thereafter, the client needs to be notified that the purchase order
cannot be further processed. Anytime during the process, the customer may send a purchase
order cancel request. When such a request is received, the purchase order handling process
is interrupted and the cancellation is processed. The customer may also send a “Customer
address change request” during the order handling process. When such a request is received,
it is just registered, without further action.

#Exercise 4.33
The Smart Electronic Development Assessment System (Smart eDA) is a Queensland Government
initiative aimed to provide an intuitive service for preparing, lodging and assessing
land development applications. The land development business process starts with the
receipt of a land development application from an applicant. Upon the receipt of a land
development application, the assessment manager interacts with the cadastre to retrieve geographical
information on the designated development area. This information is used to
get an initial validation of the development proposal from the city council. If the plan is
valid, the assessment manager sends the applicant a quote of the costs that will incur to
process the application. These costs depend on the type of development plan (for residential
or commercial purposes), and on the permit/license that will be required for the plan to be
approved. If the applicant accepts the quote, the assessment can start.
The assessment consists of a detailed analysis of the development plan. First, the assessment
manager interacts with the Department of Main Roads (DMR) to check for conflicts with
planned road development works. If there are conflicts, the application cannot proceed and
must be rejected. In this case, the applicant is notified by the assessment manager. The
applicant may wish to modify the development plan and re-submit it for assessment. In this
case, the process is resumed from where it was interrupted.
If the development plan includes modifications to the natural environment, the assessment
manager needs to request a land alteration permit to the Department of Natural Resources
and Water (NRW). If the plan is for commercial purposes, additional fees will be applied
to obtain this permit. Once the permit is granted, this is sent by NRW directly to the applicant.
Likewise, if the designated development area is regulated by special environment
protection laws, the assessment manager needs to request an environmental license to the
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA). Similarly, once the license is granted, this is sent
by EPA directly to the applicant. Once the required permit and/or license have been obtained,
the assessment manager notifies the Applicant of the final approval.
At any time during this process, the applicant can track the progress of their application by
interacting directly with the assessment manager.
Assessment manager, cadastre, DMR, NRW and EPA are all Queensland Government entities.
In particular, NRW and EPA are part of the Department of Environment and Resource
Management within the Queensland Government.

#Exercise 4.34
The ordering business process starts with the receipt of a request for work order from a
customer. Upon the receipt of this request, the ordering department of Sparks estimates
the expected usage of supplies, parts and labor and prepares a quote with the estimated
total cost for the maintenance activity. If the customer’s vehicle is insured, the ordering
department interacts with the insurance department to retrieve the details of the customer’s
insurance plan so that these can be attached to the quote. The ordering department then
sends the quote to the customer, who can either accept or reject the quote by notifying
the ordering department within five days. If the customer accepts the quote, the ordering
department contacts the warehouse department to check if the required parts are in stock
before scheduling an appointment with the customer. If some parts are not in stock, the
ordering department orders the required parts by interacting with a certified reseller and
waits for an order confirmation from the reseller, to be received within three days. If it is
not received, the order department orders the parts again from a second reseller. If no reply
is received from the second reseller too, the order department notifies the customer that the
parts are not available and the process terminates. If the required parts are in stock or have
been ordered, the ordering department interacts with an external garage to book a suitably
equipped service bay and a suitably qualified mechanic to perform the work. A confirmation
of the appointment is then sent by the garage to the order department which forwards the
confirmation to the customer. The customer has one week to pay Sparks, otherwise the
ordering department cancels the work order by sending a cancellation notice to both the
service bay and the mechanic that have been booked for this order. If the customer pays in
time, the work order is performed.

#Exercise 4.35
A build-to-order (BTO) process, also known as make-to-order process, is an “order-to-cash”
process where the products to be sold are manufactured on the basis of a confirmed purchase
order. In other words, the manufacturer does not maintain any ready-to-ship products in their
stock. Instead, the products are manufactured on demand when the customer orders them.
This approach is used in the context of customized products, such as metallurgical products,
where customers often submit orders for products with very specific requirements.
We consider a BTO process at a company called MetalWorks. The process starts when
MetalWorks receives a purchase order (PO) from one of its customers. This PO is called the
“customer PO”. The customer PO may contain one or multiple line items. Each line item
refers to a different product.
Upon receiving a customer PO, a sales officer checks the PO to determine if all the line
items in the order can be produced within the timeframes indicated in the PO. As a result
of this check, the sales officer may either confirm the customer PO or ask the customer
to revise the terms of the PO (for example: change the delivery date to a later date). In
some extreme cases, the sales officer may reject the PO, but this happens very rarely. If
the customer is asked to revise the PO, the BTO process will be put in “stand-by” until the
customer submits a revised PO. The sales officer will then check the revised PO and either
accept it, reject it, or ask again the customer to make further changes.
Once a PO is confirmed, the sales officer creates one “work order” for each line item in the
customer PO. In other words, one customer PO gives place to multiple work orders (one
per line item). The work order is a document that allows employees at MetalWorks to keep
track of the manufacturing of a product requested by a customer. In order to manufacture a product, 
multiple raw materials are typically required. Some of these raw materials are maintained in stock 
in the warehouse ofMetalWorks, but others need to be sourced from one or multiple suppliers. Accordingly, 
each work order is examined by a production engineer. The production engineer determines which raw materials 
are requiredin order to fulfill the work order. The production engineer annotates the work order with a
list of required raw materials. Each raw material listed in the work order is later checked
by a procurement officer. The procurement officer determines whether the required raw
material is available in stock, or it has to be ordered. If the material has to be ordered, the
procurement officer selects a suitable supplier for the raw material and sends a PO to the
selected supplier. This “PO for a raw material” is called a “material PO”, and it is different
from the customer PO. A material PO is a PO sent by MetalWorks to one of its suppliers,
whereas a customer PO is a PO received by MetalWorks from one of its customers.
Once all materials required to fulfill a work order are available, the production can start.
The responsibility for the production of a work order is assigned to the same production
engineer who previously examined the work order. The production engineer is responsible
for scheduling the production. Once the product has been manufactured, it is checked by a
quality inspector. Sometimes, the quality inspector finds a defect in the product and reports
it to the production engineer. The production engineer then decides whether: (i) the product
should undergo a minor fix; or (ii) the product should be discarded and manufactured again.
Once the production has completed, the product is shipped to the customer. There is no need
to wait until all the line items requested in a customer PO are ready before shipping them.
As soon as a product is ready, it can be shipped to the corresponding customer.
At any point in time (before the shipment of the product), the customer may send a “cancel
order” message for a given PO. When this happens, the sales officer determines if the order
can still be canceled, and if so, whether or not the customer should pay a penalty. If the
order can be canceled without penalty, all the work related to that order is stopped and the
customer is notified that the cancellation has been successful. If the customer needs to pay a
penalty, the sales officer first asks the customer if they accept to pay the cancellation penalty.
If the customer accepts to pay the cancellation penalty, the order is canceled and all work
related to the order is stopped. Otherwise, the work related to the order continues.



