#Examples and exercises of chapter 3 of the BPMN book

#Example 3.1: 
This process starts whenever a purchase order has
been received from a customer. The first activity that is carried out is confirming the
order. Next, the shipment address is received so that the product can be shipped to
the customer. Afterwards, the invoice is emitted and once the payment is received
the order is archived, thus completing the process.

#Example 3.2: 
As soon as an invoice is received from a customer, it needs to be checked for mismatches.
The check may result in either of these three options: i) there are no mismatches, in which
case the invoice is posted; ii) there are mismatches but these can be corrected, in which
case the invoice is re-sent to the customer; and iii) there are mismatches but these cannot
be corrected, in which case the invoice is blocked. Once one of these three activities is
performed the invoice is parked and the process completes.

#Exercise 3.1:  
Once a loan application has been approved by the loan provider, an acceptance pack is
prepared and sent to the customer. The acceptance pack includes a repayment schedule
which the customer needs to agree upon by sending the signed documents back to the loan
provider. The latter then verifies the repayment agreement: if the applicant disagreed with
the repayment schedule, the loan provider cancels the application; if the applicant agreed,
the loan provider approves the application. In either case, the process completes with the
loan provider notifying the applicant of the application status.

#Example 3.3: 
Once the boarding pass has been received, passengers proceed to the security check. Here
they need to pass the personal security screening and the luggage screening. Afterwards,
they can proceed to the departure level.

#Exercise 3.2: 
A loan application is approved if it passes two checks: (i) the applicant’s loan risk assessment,
done automatically by a system, and (ii) the appraisal of the property for which the
loan has been asked, carried out by a property appraiser. The risk assessment requires a
credit history check on the applicant, which is performed by a financial officer. Once both
the loan risk assessment and the property appraisal have been performed, a loan officer can
assess the applicant’s eligibility. If the applicant is not eligible, the application is rejected,
otherwise the acceptance pack is prepared and sent to the applicant.

#Example. 3.5: 
A company has two warehouses that store different products: Amsterdam and Hamburg.
When an order is received, it is distributed across these warehouses: if some of the relevant
products are maintained in Amsterdam, a sub-order is sent there; likewise, if some relevant
products are maintained in Hamburg, a sub-order is sent there. Afterwards, the order is
registered and the process completes.

#Example 3.6:
If the product requested is not in stock, it needs to bemanufactured before the order handling
can continue. To manufacture a product, the required raw materials have to be ordered. Two
preferred suppliers provide different types of raw material. Depending on the product to
be manufactured, raw materials may be ordered from either Supplier 1 or Supplier 2, or
from both. Once the raw materials are available, the product can be manufactured and the
order can be confirmed. On the other hand, if the product is in stock, it is retrieved from the
warehouse before confirming the order. Then the process continues normally.

#Exercise 3.3: 
A loan application may be coupled with a home insurance which is offered at discounted
prices. The applicant may express their interest in a home insurance plan at the time of
submitting their loan application to the loan provider. Based on this information, if the
loan application is approved, the loan provider may either only send an acceptance pack
to the applicant, or also send a home insurance quote. The process then continues with the
verification of the repayment agreement.

#Exercise 3.4: 
Once a loan application is received by the loan provider, and before proceeding with its
assessment, the application itself needs to be checked for completeness. If the application is
incomplete, it is returned to the applicant, so that they can fill out the missing information
and send it back to the loan provider. This process is repeated until the application is found
complete.

#Example 3.8:
The order fulfillment process is carried out by a seller’s organization which includes two departments:
the sales department and the warehouse & distribution department. The purchase
order received by warehouse & distribution is checked against the stock. This operation is
carried out automatically by the ERP system of warehouse & distribution, which queries
the warehouse database. If the product is in stock, it is retrieved from the warehouse before
sales confirm the order. Next sales emit an invoice and wait for the payment, while the
product is shipped from within warehouse & distribution. The process completes with the
order archival in the sales department. If the product is not in stock, the ERP system within
warehouse & distribution checks the raw materials availability by accessing the suppliers
catalog. Once the raw materials have been obtained the warehouse & distribution department
takes care of manufacturing the product. The process completes with the purchase
order being confirmed and archived by the sales department.

#Exercise 3.6: 
The process for assessing loan applications is executed by four roles within the loan
provider: a financial officer takes care of checking the applicant’s credit history; a property
appraiser is responsible for appraising the property; an insurance sales representative
sends the home insurance quote to the applicant if this is required. All other activities are
performed by the loan officer who is the main point of contact with the applicant.

#Exercise 3.10:
The process for handling downpayments starts when a request for payment has been approved.
It involves entering the downpayment request into the system, the automatic subsequent
payment, emission of the direct invoice and the clearance of the vendor line items.
The clearing of the vendor line items can result in a debit or credit balance. In case of debit
balance, the arrears are processed, otherwise the remaining balance is paid.

#Exercise 3.11: 
When a new credit request is received, the risk is assessed. If the risk is above a threshold,
an advanced risk assessment needs to be carried out, otherwise a simple risk assessment will
suffice. Once the assessment has been completed, the customer is notified with the result of
the assessment and meantime the disbursement is organized. For simplicity, assume that the
result of an assessment is always positive.

#Exercise 3.12:
After a claim is registered, it is examined by a claims officer who then writes a settlement
recommendation. This recommendation is then checked by a senior claims officer who may
mark the claim as “OK” or “Not OK”. If the claim is marked as “Not OK”, it is sent back
to the claims officer and the recommendation is repeated. If the claim is “OK”, the claim
handling process proceeds.

#Exercise 3.13: 
If a tenant is evicted because of damages to the premises, a process needs to be started by the
tribunal in order to hold a hearing to assess the amount of compensation the tenant owes the
owner of the premises. This process starts when a cashier of the tribunal receives a request
for compensation from the owner. The cashier then retrieves the file for those particular
premises and checks that both the request is acceptable for filing, and compliant with the
description of the premises on file. Setting a hearing date incurs fees to the owner. It may be
that the owner has already paid the fees with the request, in which case the cashier allocates
a hearing date and the process completes. It may be that additional fees are required, but the
owner has already paid also those fees. In this case the cashier generates a receipt for the
additional fees and proceeds with allocating the hearing date. Finally, if the owner has not
paid the required fees, the cashier produces a fees notice and waits for the owner to pay the
fees before reassessing the document compliance.

#Exercise 3.18: 
In a court each morning the files that have yet to be processed are checked to make sure
they are in order for the court hearing that day. If some files are missing a search is initiated,
otherwise the files can be physically tracked to the intended location. Once all the files are
ready, these are handed to the Associate; meantime the judge’s lawlist is distributed to the
relevant people. Afterwards, the directions hearings are conducted.

#Exercise 3.19  
The motor claim handling process starts when a customer submits a claim with the relevant
documentation. The notification department at the car insurer checks the documents upon
completeness and registers the claim. Next, the Handling department picks up the claim
and checks the insurance. Then, an assessment is performed. If the assessment is positive,
a Garage is phoned to authorize the repairs and the payment is scheduled (in this order).
Otherwise, the claim is rejected. In any case (whether the outcome is positive or negative),
a letter is sent to the customer and the process is considered to be complete.

#Exercise 3.20: 
When a claim is received, a claims officer first checks if the claimant is insured. If not, the
claimant is informed that the claim must be rejected by sending an automatic notification via
an SAP system. Otherwise, a senior claims officer evaluates the severity of the claim. Based
on the outcome (simple or complex claims), the relevant forms are sent to the claimant,
again using the SAP system. Once the forms are returned, they are checked for completeness
by the claims officer. If the forms provide all relevant details, the claim is registered in the
claims management system, and the process ends. Otherwise, the claimant is informed to
update the forms via the SAP system. Upon reception of the updated forms, they are checked
again by the claims officer to see if the details have been provided, and so on.
