#Exercise 7.8
The process starts when a call related to lodging a claim is received. The call is routed to
one of two call centers depending on the location of the caller. Each call center receives
approximately the same amount of calls (50–50) and has the same number of
operators (40 per call center). The process for handling calls is identical across both
call centers. When a call is received at a call center, the call is picked up by a call
center operator. The call center operator starts by asking a standard set of questions
to the customer to determine if the customer has the minimum information required
to lodge a claim (e.g. insurance policy number). If the customer has enough information,
the operator then goes through a questionnaire with the customer, enters all
relevant details, checks the completeness of the claim and registers the claim.
Once a claim has been registered, it is routed by the claims handling office, where
all remaining steps are performed. There is one single claims handling office, so
regardless of the call center agent where the claim is registered, the claim is routed
to the same office. In this office, the claim goes through a two-stage evaluation
process. First of all, the liability of the customer is determined. Secondly, the claim
is assessed in order to determine if the insurance company has to cover this liability
and to what extent. If the claim is accepted, payment is initiated and the customer is
advised of the amount to be paid. The activities of the claims handling department
are performed by claims handlers. There are 150 claims handlers in total.

#Exercise 7.10
A client calls the help desk or sends an e-mail in order to make a request. The help desk is
staffed with five “Level-1” support staff who, typically, are junior people with less than 12
months experience, but are capable of resolving known problems and simple requests. The
hourly cost of a Level-1 staff member is € 40.
When the Level-1 employee does not know the resolution to a request, the request is forwarded
to a more experienced “Level-2” support staff. There are three Level-2 staff members
and their hourly cost is € 60. When a Level-2 employee receives a new request, they
evaluate it in order to assign a priority level. The job tracking system will later assign the
request to the same or to another Level-2 staff depending on the assigned priority level and
the backlog of requests.
Once the request is assigned to a Level-2 staff member, the request is researched by the
Level-2 employee and a resolution is developed and sent back to the Level-1 employee.
Eventually, the Level-1 employee forwards the resolution to the client who tests the resolution.
The client notifies the outcome of the test to the Level-1 employee via e-mail. If the
client states that the request is fixed, it is marked as complete and the process ends. If the
request is not fixed, it is resent to Level-2 support for further action and goes through the
process again.
Requests are registered in a job tracking system. The job tracking system allows help desk
employees to record the details of the request, the priority level and the name of the client
who generated the request. When a request is registered, it is marked as “open”. When it
is moved to level 2, it is marked as “forwarded to level 2” and when the resolution is sent
back to “Level 1” the request is marked as “returned to level 1”. Finally, when a request
is resolved, it is marked as “closed”. Every request has a unique identifier. When a request
is registered, the job tracking system sends an e-mail to the client. The e-mail includes a
“request reference number” that the client needs to quote when asking questions about the
request.

#Fig. 8.2
The Intake process starts with a notice by telephone at the secretarial office of the healthcare
institute. This notice is done by the family doctor of the person who is in need of
mental treatment. The secretarial worker inquires after the name and residence of
the patient. On basis of this information, the doctor is put through to the nursing
officer responsible for the part of the region that the patient lives in.
The nursing officer makes a full inquiry into the mental, health, and social status
of the patient in question. This information is recorded on a registration form. After
this conversation had ended, this form is handed in at the secretarial office of the
institute. Here, the information on the form is stored in the information system and
subsequently printed. For new patients, a patient file is created. The registration
form as well as the print from the information system are stored in the patient file.
Patient files are kept at the secretarial office and may not leave the building. At the
secretarial office, two registration cards are produced for, respectively, the future
first and second intaker of the patient. The registration card contains a set of basic
patient data. The new patient is added on the list of new notices.
Halfway during each week, on Wednesday, a staff meeting of the entire medical
team takes place. The medical team consists of social–medical workers, physicians,
and a psychiatrist. During this meeting, the team leader assigns all new patients on
the list of new notices to members of the team. Each patient will be assigned to
a social–medical worker, who will act as the first intaker of the patient. One of the
physicians will act as the second intaker. In assigning intakers, the team leader takes
into account their expertise, the geographical region they are responsible for, earlier
contacts they might have had with the patient, and their case load. The assignments
are recorded on an assignment list which is handed to the secretarial office. For
each new assignment, it is also determined whether the medical file of the patient is
required. This information is added to the assignment list.
The secretarial office stores the assignment of each patient of the assignment list
in the information system. It passes the produced registration cards to the first and
second intaker of each newly assigned patient. An intaker keeps this registration at
times when visiting the patient and being at the office. For each patient for which
the medical file is required, the secretarial office prepares and sends a letter to the
family doctor of the patient, requesting for a copy of the medical file. As soon as
this copy is received, the secretarial office will inform the second intaker and add
the copy to the patient file.
The first intaker plans a meeting with the patient as soon as this is possible.
During the first meeting, the patient is examined using a standard checklist which
is filled out. Additional observations are registered in a personal notebook. After a
visit, the first intaker puts a copy of these notes in the file of a patient. The standard
checklist is also added to the patient’s file.
The second intaker plans the first meeting only after the medical information of
the physician—if required—has been received. Physicians use dictaphones to record 
their observations made during meetings with patients. The secretarial office types
out these tapes, after which the information is added to the patient file.
As soon as the meetings of the first and second intaker with the patient have
taken place, the secretarial office puts the patient on the list of patients that reach
this status. For the staff meeting on Wednesday, they provide the team leader with a
list of these patients. For each of these patients, the first and second intaker together
with the team leader and the attending psychiatrist formulate a treatment plan. This
treatment plan formally ends the intake procedure.

#Exercise 8.13
Our first case concerns IBM Credit Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of IBM, which,
if it were independent, would rank among the Fortune 100 service companies. IBM Credit
is in the business of financing the computers, software, and services that the IBM Corporation
sells. It is a business of which IBM is fond, since financing customers’ purchases
is an extremely profitable business. In its early years, IBM Credit’s operation was positively
Dickensian. When IBM field salespersons called in with a request for financing, they
reached one of 14 people sitting around a conference room table in Old Greenwich, Connecticut.
The person taking the call logged the request for a deal on a piece of paper. That
was step one. In step two, someone carted that piece of paper upstairs to the credit department,
where a specialist entered the information into a computer system and checked the
potential borrower’s creditworthiness. The specialist wrote the results of the credit check
on the piece of paper and dispatched it to the next link in the chain, which was the business
practices department. The business practices department, step three, was in charge of
modifying the standard loan covenant in response to customer request. Business practices
had its own computer system. When done, a person in that department would attach the
special terms to the request form. Next, the request went to a pricer, step four, who keyed
the data into a personal computer spreadsheet to determine the appropriate interest rate to
charge the customer. The pricer wrote the rate on a piece of paper, which, with the other
papers, was delivered to a clerical group, step five. There, an administrator turned all this
information into a quote letter that could be delivered to the field sales representative by Federal Express.

#Exercise 9.8
Once the prescription passes the insurance check, it is assigned to a technician who collects the drugs from the shelves and puts them in a bag with the prescription stapled to it. After the technician has filled a given prescription, the bag is passed to the pharmacist who double-checks that the prescription has been filled correctly. After this quality check, the pharmacist seals the bag and puts it in the pick-up area. When a customer arrives to pick up their prescription, a technician retrieves the prescription and asks the customer for their co-payment or for the full payment in case the drugs in the prescription are not covered by the customer ’s insurance policy.

#Solution to exercise 9.8
The following tasks: Check insurance, Collect drugs from shelves, Check quality, Collect payment (triggered by the arrival of the customer), and finally Retrieve prescription bag.

#Exercise 9.12
The process starts when an application is received from a potential client. The client is then 
sent information about the available services and a response is awaited either via e-mail or postal mail. 
When the response is received, the next action is decided upon. Either an appointment can be made with
the client to discuss the service options in person, or the application is accepted or
rejected right away. If the application is accepted, an offer is sent to the client and at
the same time the application is filed. If it is rejected, the client is sent a thank-you
note and let go. If an appointment has to be made, this is done and at the time of the
appointment, the application is discussed with the client. Then the process continues
as if the application had been accepted right away.