#BPMN Modeling and Reference Guide
#Solutions are found on https://github.com/FabianFriedrich/Text2Process/tree/master/TestData/BPMN%20Modeling%20and%20reference%20guide/_solution 

#Exercise 1
Every weekday morning, the database is backed up and then it is checked to see whether
the “Account Defaulter” table has new records. If no new records are found, then the
process should check the CRM system to see whether new returns have been filed. If 
new returns exist, then register all defaulting accounts and customers. If the defaulting
client codes have not been previously advised, produce another table of defaulting accounts 
and send to account management. All of this must be completed by 2:30 pm, if it is not, then 
an alert should be sent to the supervisor. Once the new defaulting account report has been
completed, check the CRM system to see whether new returns have been filed. If new returns 
have been filed, reconcile with the existing account defaulters table. This must be 
completed by 4:00 pm otherwise a supervisor should be sent a message.

#Exercise 2
The Customer Service Representative sends a Mortgage offer to the customer and waits for
a reply. If the customer calls or writes back declining the mortgage, the case details are
updated and the work is then archived prior to cancellation. If the customer sends back the
completed offer documents and attaches all prerequisite documents then the case is moved
to administration for completion. If all pre-requisite documents are not provided a message
is generated to the customer requesting outstanding documents. If no answer is received
after 2 weeks, the case details are updated prior to archive and cancellation.

#Exercise 3a
In November of each year, the Coordination Unit at the Town Planning Authority drafts a
schedule of meetings for the next calendar year and adds draft dates to all calendars. The
Support Officer then checks the dates and suggests modifications. The Coordination Unit
then rechecks all dates and looks for potential conflicts. The final schedule of meeting dates
is sent to all the independent Committee Members by email, who then check their diaries
and advise the Coordination Unit of any conflicts.

#Exercise 3b
Once the dates are finalized (by the
Coordination Unit), the Support Officer updates all group calendars and creates meeting
folders for each meeting and ensures all appropriate documents are uploaded to system.
Committee Members are advised a week before each meeting to read all related
documents. The Committee Members hold their meeting, and the Support Office then
produces minutes including any Action Points for each Committee Member. Within 5
working days, the Coordination Unit must conduct a QA check on the minutes, which are
then sent to all Committee Members. The Support Officer then updates all departmental
records.

#Exercise 4
After the Expense Report is received, a new account must be created if the employee does
not already have one. The report is then reviewed for automatic approval. Amounts under
$200 are automatically approved, whereas amounts equal to or over $200 require approval
of the supervisor.
In case of rejection, the employee must receive a rejection notice by email. Otherwise, the
reimbursement goes to the employee’s direct deposit bank account. If the request is not
completed in 7 days, then the employee must receive an “approval in progress” email.
If the request is not finished within 30 days, then the process is stopped and the employee
receives an email cancellation notice and must re-submit the expense report.

#Exercise 5
After the Process starts, a Task is performed to locate and distribute any relevant existing
designs, both electrical and physical. Next, the design of the electrical and physical systems
starts in parallel. Any existing or previous Electrical and Physical Designs are inputs to both
Activities. Development of either design is interrupted by a successful update of the other
design. If interrupted, then all current work is stopped and that design must restart.
In each department (Electrical Design and Physical Design), any existing designs are
reviewed, resulting in an Update Plan for their respective designs (i.e. one in Electrical and
another in Physical). Using the Update Plan and the existing Draft of the Electrical/Physical
Design, a revised design is created. Once completed the revised design is tested. If the
design fails the test, then it is sent back to the first Activity (in the department) to review
and create a new Update Plan. If the design passes the test, then it tells the other
department that they need to restart their work.
When both of the designs have been revised, they are combined and tested. If the combined
design fails the test, then they are both sent back to the beginning to initiate another design
cycle. If the designs pass the test, then they are deemed complete and are then sent to the
manufacturing Process [a separate Process].